c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\MyLineBot.dll.config
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\MyLineBot.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\MyLineBot.pdb
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\ja\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\ja\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\bin\ja\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\obj\Debug\MyLineBot.dll
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\obj\Debug\MyLineBot.pdb
c:\users\endos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyLineBot\MyLineBot\obj\Debug\MyLineBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
